README.md, before:

## JS interview questions

Repo from/for interviews for js-developer positions.

Here I'll notice only questions from my interviews. If you want get more information/materials check next repos:

 - https://github.com/h5bp/Front-end-Developer-Interview-Questions -- no only about js
 - https://github.com/nishant8BITS/123-Essential-JavaScript-Interview-Question
 - https://github.com/kolodny/exercises Some basic javascript coding challenges and interview questions
 - https://github.com/malachaifrazier/JavaScript-Interview-Questions Common Questions that may be Asked on a Job Interview
 - https://github.com/adam-s/js-interview-review What Do I Need to Know to Ace a JavaScript Interview?
 - https://github.com/mi-lee/js-interview-questions/blob/master/interview-questions.md
 - https://github.com/nathansmith/javascript-quiz
 - https://github.com/MaximAbramchuck/awesome-interview-questions Awesome Interviews  ( multiple langs )
 - https://github.com/apoterenko/javascript-interview-questions ( about 50 questions like "Explain ouput.."
 - https://github.com/kensterz/interview-questions-in-javascript Interview Algorithm Questions in Javascript
 - https://github.com/HIROSN/coding-interviews-es6 Coding Interview Questions (ECMAScript 2015)
 - https://github.com/mkshen/code-problems-solutions Interview coding questions and answers in Javascript - ES6
 
 
Also it may be helpful to check next books:

 - "Javascript Technical Interview Questions" by Xuanyi Chew https://leanpub.com/jsinterviewquestions
 - "Quick JavaScript Interview Questions" by Sandeep Kumar Patel https://leanpub.com/quickjavascriptinterviewquestions
 - "JavaScript Interview Questions: Who Else Wants to Nail that Interview?" by Volkan Özçelik https://o2js.com/assets/javascript-interview-questions.pdf

If you're ready to share your experience - you're welcome. Make PR to related file ( by topic ) or create issue with list of questions

P.S. it worth to check *'Cracking the Coding Interview'* by Gayle Laakmann McDowell ( solutions can be founded at https://github.com/careercup/CtCI-6th-Edition , book (at least 5th edition can be googled )

Commit message:

Add links to online quiz

README.md, after:

## JS interview questions

Repo from/for interviews for js-developer positions.

Here I'll notice only questions from my interviews. If you want get more information/materials check next repos:

 - https://github.com/h5bp/Front-end-Developer-Interview-Questions -- no only about js
 - https://github.com/nishant8BITS/123-Essential-JavaScript-Interview-Question
 - https://github.com/kolodny/exercises Some basic javascript coding challenges and interview questions
 - https://github.com/malachaifrazier/JavaScript-Interview-Questions Common Questions that may be Asked on a Job Interview
 - https://github.com/adam-s/js-interview-review What Do I Need to Know to Ace a JavaScript Interview?
 - https://github.com/mi-lee/js-interview-questions/blob/master/interview-questions.md
 - https://github.com/nathansmith/javascript-quiz
 - https://github.com/MaximAbramchuck/awesome-interview-questions Awesome Interviews  ( multiple langs )
 - https://github.com/apoterenko/javascript-interview-questions ( about 50 questions like "Explain ouput.."
 - https://github.com/kensterz/interview-questions-in-javascript Interview Algorithm Questions in Javascript
 - https://github.com/HIROSN/coding-interviews-es6 Coding Interview Questions (ECMAScript 2015)
 - https://github.com/mkshen/code-problems-solutions Interview coding questions and answers in Javascript - ES6
 
 
Also it may be helpful to check next books:

 - "Javascript Technical Interview Questions" by Xuanyi Chew https://leanpub.com/jsinterviewquestions
 - "Quick JavaScript Interview Questions" by Sandeep Kumar Patel https://leanpub.com/quickjavascriptinterviewquestions
 - "JavaScript Interview Questions: Who Else Wants to Nail that Interview?" by Volkan Özçelik https://o2js.com/assets/javascript-interview-questions.pdf


Some ideas can be found during online tests. Like next:

 - https://tests4geeks.com/category/javascript
 - http://perfectionkills.com/javascript-quiz-es6/

If you're ready to share your experience - you're welcome. Make PR to related file ( by topic ) or create issue with list of questions

P.S. it worth to check *'Cracking the Coding Interview'* by Gayle Laakmann McDowell ( solutions can be founded at https://github.com/careercup/CtCI-6th-Edition , book (at least 5th edition can be googled )
